---
{
    ".template_version": 1,
    ".generated_by": "R package transltr 0.0.1",
    ".generated_on": "August 22, 2024 08:00 UTC",
    ".hash_algorithm": "blake2b",
    ".hash_length": 32,
    ".hashes": [
        "60ed1cd2b78a3448e7fab38d5830e249",
        "9bbbb7410fa6464a1a6a216919179455"
    ],
    "project": "transltr",
    "description": "An example of a translation Markdown file (version 1)",
    "language_keys": {
        "en": "English",
        "fr": "Français",
        "es": "Español",
        "jp": "日本語"
    }
}
---

# README

> Keep this section for reference. You may remove it if required.

This is a Markdown file generated by the R package `transltr` via the function
`write_translations_file()`. It contains translations to be used at runtime
whenever `translate()` is called.

The file is divided into a header and a set of blocks.

## Header

This file has a JSON header enclosed by a pair of three dashes (`---`).

* The header is mandatory.
* Fields whose names begin with a dot are managed internally.
* You may add further custom fields to the header.
* Field `language_keys` is initially created by `transltr`, but developers
  may add further keys to it.

## Blocks

Translations are organized into blocks. A block is a set of translations of
the same source.

* Blocks are generated automatically from source scripts.
* You may not (manually) add further blocks.
* Developers may add further translations to any block by embedding a
  subsection under it.
    * The subsection's title must be the language key.
* Blocks are mutually independent and are not required to contain translations
  under the same language(s).
* Internal information is enclosed by `{{` and `}}`.
  **Never attempt to modify whatever they contain.**
* Spaces before and after titles (`#` and `##`) are discarded.

Spaces are treated according to what Markdown prescribes.

# {{ 60ed1cd2 }}

## {{ en }}

When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier. The
Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog. I want to buy a onesie but
know it won’t suit me. The complicated school homework left the parents trying
to help their kids quite confused. He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he
went anyway. Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible. In
hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.

## fr

Lors du repiquage des plants, des théières confites faciliteront la tâche. Le
Le Dogue Allemand ressemblait plus à un cheval qu'à un chien.

Je veux acheter une combinaison mais je sais que ça ne me conviendra pas. Les
devoirs scolaires compliqués ont obligé les parents à essayer pour aider leurs
enfants assez confus. Il ne voulait pas aller chez le dentiste, et pourtant il
y est allé quand même.

Ses cheveux étaient balayés par le vent alors qu'elle
roulait dans la décapotable noire. Dans Dans l'espoir de découvrir la vérité,
il entra dans la bibliothèque d'une seule pièce.

## es

Al trasplantar plántulas, las teteras confitadas facilitarán la tarea. El
El gran danés parecía más un caballo que un perro. Quiero comprar un mono pero
sé que no me conviene. La complicada tarea escolar dejó a los padres intentando
para ayudar a sus hijos bastante confundidos. No quería ir al dentista, pero
fue de todos modos. Su cabello estaba alborotado por el viento mientras viajaba
en el convertible negro. En Con la esperanza de descubrir la verdad, entró en
la biblioteca de una sola habitación.

## jp

苗を移植するときは、砂糖漬けの急須を使うと作業が簡単になります。の
グレートデーンは犬というより馬に似ていました。ワンピースを買いたいのですが、
それは私には合わないとわかっています。複雑な学校の宿題で親は苦労した
混乱している子供たちを助けるためです。彼は歯医者に行きたくなかったのに、
とにかく行きました。黒いオープンカーに乗っている間、彼女の髪は風にさらされていました。
で 真実を知りたくて、彼はワンルームの図書館に入った

# {{ 9bbbb741 }}

## {{ en }}

Hello, world!

## fr

Bonjour le monde!

## es

¡Hola Mundo!

## jp

こんにちは世界！
